How to config by SinnyHvH
youtube https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCh6tSrnJGzuOuHmWlNvJ9rg/
This is a tutorial on how to config a CSGO cheat for better experience.
In the CS:GO buy menu - there are weapons you can buy and see the details of.
You can see their; 
- Damage (1)	
- Firerate (2)
- Recoil control (3)
- Accurate range (4)
- Armor penetration. (5)

The weapon we're going to configure is the scout!

All of this helps to configure your settings.
(1) Starting off with Damage. Now the damage depends on the weapon you're using. Which is why some cheats use different weapon configurations for you to use and save as a ".cfg" or 
your default configuration file name. (Depending on your cheat software.)

Minimum damage is used to ensure that you hit the player for that damage you set your minimum damage to. The lower - the less damage you're going to hit your enemy for.

Now for some cheats - there are aim modes. These aim modes change the function of the aimbot.
Damage. The cheat will go for the most damage.
Accuracy. The cheat will go for accuracy, it also messes with minimum damage at some points.
Safety. It will skip some aimpoints if the aimpoints seem to be to 'unsafe.' This also messes with minimum damage.

Here are the possible hitpoints for scout.

                               unarmored  |  armored         

Head	                  352	    299
Chest & Arm	  88	      74
Stomach	                  110	      93
Leg	                    66	      66

The scout does 88 damage. But if you hit unarmored player in the stomach, it would instant kill him. Unless the enemy is wearing armor. 
This shows that it would be good to aim for head and stomach. Since the head and stomach does more damage than chest, arms, and legs.

So, you would have to set your minimum damage to 88. But what if the enemy is behind a wall? The scout details also show the penetration damage.
You would need to set your penetration damage to 85 or 90 (since you're behind a wall, it blocks more of the shot.) 

The firing rate of the scout is 48 RPM in which if you used no hitchance. You'd always have a 100% chance of missing.
But if you set your hitchance to 48 itself. You now have a 52% chance of missing your shot. Which is not what you want.
A good hitchance would be from 70-85 because you would have less of a chance of missing. 

70 hitchance giving you a 30% chance of missing.
75 hitchance giving you a 25% chance of missing.
85 hitchance giving you a 15% chance of missing

Hitchance is also in unison with minimum damage.

The higher the hitchance, the less chance you have for missing. But the slower you're going to shoot if your hitchance is higher.

The autostop function in the cheat helps with your accuracy. If you don't stop, you will miss. But if you do stop. You will shoot and possibly hit the enemy.

- Auto stop, useful for scout. The cheat will slow down if it encounters an enemy but will allow you to move quicker.
- Between shots, useful for auto. The cheat will slow your movement down between shots.  
- Force accuracy, useful for auto. The cheat will stop you completely.
- Early. Useful for scout + auto. Before peeking the enemy, the cheat will slow you down.

For scout it would be easier to use autostop without any other modifacation (Between shots, Force, Early, etc.) 

Mutlipoint is used for aiming at more player hitpoints. You have to balance everything out. If not, you'll miss or they'll shoot you before you shoot them.
Body mutlipoint is good for scout - If not - the scout would only aim in the middle of the stomach and not the edges. Same for head. But this time, you'd need to balance head as well as
body. Think of multipoint as a circle in the middle of your head. The more you increase the multipoint, the bigger the circle gets. The smaller the decrease the slider. The less the circle gets.

A good multipoint for the head would be 50-70. (This is bigger because we want to aim for the head more than the body.)
A good multipoint for the body would be 30-40. (This is smaller because we don't want to shoot directly when the body peeks.)

Safe point is a safety feature. If the cheat doesn't attempt to go for head. It will pick an aimpoint on the body and shoot at that point unless the head is lethal.

For the Anti-aim there are a few good settings to keep yourself from getting hit constantly by other players. 
- Down back is a good anti-aim for scouting.
- Auto direction can be used with a bit of extrapolation.
- A bit of jitter (Not a lot) to confuse the enemy resolver.
- Fake lagging also helps. (Put your fake lag limit from 6-8) 
- Hideshots helps if you don't want your Anti-aim to flick up and you get onshot killed.

Combinations? 

Jitter(23) + Fakelag(8) // Sometimes may mess aiming up itself, so this is optional
Auto-direction + extrapolation(3x-4x) 
Minimum damage(88) + Auowall damage(85-90) + Hitchance(70-85) 
Autostop(No modifacation)
Hitboxes(Head, Stomach) 
Headpointscale(70) + Bodypointscale(35) + Staticpointscale(ON) + PointscaleSafety(OFF)



